---
author: abloz
comments: true
date: 2008-01-22 15:34:19+00:00
layout: post
link: http://abloz.com/index.php/2008/01/22/unhappy/
slug: unhappy
title: Unhappy
wordpress_id: 777
categories:
- 社会评论
---

I don't feel happy these days. 

First ,we have done a close-down development for about a month. As a  lead of the team, I feel very tired. Some conditions I can't control well, not every body will support you. When you feel very urgent, he may take it nothing.  

Second, I havn't bought a train ticket. I don't when I could go back to my home town Hunan Provice. Near Spring Festival, It's hard to buy a train ticket.

Third, my wife don't feel well these days. She is sick. But she have to take care of our little baby alone at our hometown. I can't give her more comfort.

Fourth, stock marcket fall down, and I just buy a stock , and loss thousands  of money. My friend told me to buy Ping An Insurance of  China at about 101 yuan per stock. But after I bought, Ping'An broker down about 20%, I loss about 4000 yuan. I encounter with a Black Monday!

Fifth, my brother told me that he feel unhappy, one of the reason that his girl firend have married. I said you don't love her , so she got married you should feel happy. But he said he don't. Another reason that he joined a goverment company after he grandated in 2006. His work is very hard, always work all-night. But he is not a formal employee. Untill now he didn't take any salary. He feel very pool. We have talked for about an hour via telephone. He got a sick, but he have to work early morning tomorrow. Because his leader will report to mayor of Huaihua.

The house prices are rocketing, but our salary is not so high. I take notice that the prices of Beijing almost about 20000Yuan per square meter. I am shocked by the price. Maybe I can't buy a house all my life, though my salary is more than triple mean salary of Beijing.

And my father and mother is old. My farther is about 80 years old. My cousin said he will not take care of them next year at my hometown. My parents are all farmers, they have not any social insurance. As the elder son of them , I have to provider for their old age.I don't know how they will spend their remained life.

I feel unhappy as a Chinese.
